TRISH: WE --
>> WITH WE ARE SENDING AID IN
THE GUISE OF LITERALLY INVADING
THE COUNTRY.
>> WE AREN'T SUPPORTING THE AS
BEING THE PRESIDENT.
>> HUMANITARIAN AID IS SOMEHOW
AN INVASION?
I HAVE TO TELL YOU
CONGRESSWOMAN, ACTUALLY SO THE
AID PACKAGES MYSELF.
THERE IS RICE AND BEANS, TOILET
PAPER.
I MEAN -- BECAUSE YOU KNOW
WHAT?
THESE ARE THINGS PEOPLE DON'T
HAVE RIGHT NOW.
WHO IS THIS WOMAN?
ILHAN OMAR.
WHO IS SHE?
WHO IS BACKING HER?
BECAUSE I WILL TELL YOU ONE
THING SHE IS CLEARLY NO FRIEND
TO THE UNITED STATES.
CLEARLY NO FRIEND TO AMERICAN
VALUES.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE STAND FOR SOMETHING THIS
COUNTRY.
WE STAND FOR FREEDOM!
THERE ARE THOSE IN THE WORLD
THAT YOU KNOW, WOULD PREFER TO
SEE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE STARVE.
LIVE UNDER DICTATORSHIP.YOU
KNOW WHAT?
WE AMERICANS HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THAT.
I FIND IT DISGUSTING THAT I
EVEN NEED TO ADDRESS THIS
WOMAN'S POINT OF VIEW.
BUT FOR ANY SMALL MINDED PERSON
THAT MIGHT ACTUALLY AGREE WITH
HER, I AM SETTING THE RECORD
STRAIGHT FOR YOU TONIGHT.
AMERICA STANDS FOR FREEDOM.
WE ARE NOT OKAY WITH A REGIME
MANIPULATING AN ELECTION.
BUYING VOTES WITH FOOD.
WE ARE NOT OKAY WITH A REGIME
THAT STARVES ITS PEOPLE.WE
ARE NOT OKAY WITH A REGIME
INTIMIDATING TERRIFYING AND
MURDERING ITS OPPOSITION.
AND WE ARE NOT OKAY WITH THE
LIKES OF RUSSIA, IRAN OR
HEZBOLLAH TAKING OVER A COUNTRY
JUST THREE HOURS FROM OUR
SHORES.
SHE OUGHT TO LEARN WHAT SHE'S
TALKING ABOUT BEFORE SHE GOES